>> Speaker 1: So what we're gonna try and
do is we're gonna try and
recreate a branding or
a bit of a generative design branding.
And usually, I wouldn't recommend just
trying to recreate something that already
exists but this is a really cool branding.
And maybe it's a good exercise for
shaders because it's a very simple and
powerful image.
And this is actually
done by DIA Studio and
they do a lot of interesting
computational work.
And in this case, they created
this generative design branding.
And there's actually a lot of different
images that I don't have in the slides.
But they produce this circle, masked.
And it was animated.
And then they would
export different images,
different colors,
different states from this animation.
And those different states would be used
in different brand identities across
this company primary.
So whether it's on a mug or whether
it's on a tote bag or something else,
they would use that
image in different ways.
So I thought that was a really cool
branding, and it seems similar
to some of the same concepts we're
going to be doing around shaders.
And it's a good sort of first
exercise to start with.